# Folders and Files

The following is a description of the folders and files in the main directory.

***SlimScripts:*** contains all SLiM scripts

***Jobs:*** contains Python scripts which, when run, write SLURM jobs files to simulate over the parameters of interest.

**compileData.R:** takes all the output files generated by running multiple simulations and compiles them into two output files.

**compiledData.zip:** the compiled output of the simulations.

# Workflow

The following is a description of a potential workflow, from running simulations to getting output files.

1. Create the three folders for the simulation output files. There must be a folder for SimInfo (contains metadata about each simulation replicate), Gens (contains data taken over the course of the simulations, every 10 generations), and Final (contains information about the frequency of deleterious mutations at the final generation).

2. Move to ***Jobs/*** and make a copy of **makeReps.py**. Modify it to iterate over the simulation parameters of interest. Modify the variable *jmax*, which will be the number of replicates for each parameter combination. Modify the variable *abbr*, which will be the prefix to all of the output scripts. Modify the output paths to point to the folders created in Step 1.

3. Run the new Python script, which will write many SLURM job scripts, named *abbr*01.sh, *abbr*02.sh, etc.

4. Run the SLURM job scripts. They will run the simulations. Each script will write three output files, one to each folder created in Step 1. Since each job script runs multiple replicates, the output files will also contain data from multiple replicates.

5. Run **compileData.R**, adjusting the input paths to point to the folders created in Step 1, and adjusting the output paths to the desired locations.

6. Use the compiled files in analysis.




